Don't associate with this kind of turtle in the future
This low-level person will only lower your status
I have no contact with him either
Just to say hi.
He's chased me before
But I ignored him.
How can this person compare to my husband?
He and the top end of our upper circle
Business person
Not a world at all
And the gap is only going to get bigger.
Hmm, it's good to know
Notify all executives of the meeting within 5 minutes
Hello, I'll be there soon.
What's the matter? The company held a senior monk meeting
Mr. Zheng asked me to go
Why is there a meeting suddenly?
I heard that the new chairperson is here
I guess put on airs and let me go there
And that's a good thing.
Show your face in front of the chairperson
Maybe you'll get a promotion and a raise soon
Hey, baby, you analyzed it right.
I'll be right back.
Wait for me.
Mr. Zheng, you are looking for me, not me.
The chairperson is looking for you.
The chairperson asked me by name
Looks like the Chamber of Commerce is right
I'm about to get a promotion and a raise
Purchase three Zhu Shichao to respect the chairperson
We just met five minutes ago.